gh-142389: Add support for backtick colorisation in argparse help text (#149375)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

  default to ``True``. This enables suggestions for mistyped arguments by default.
  (Contributed by Jakob Schluse in :gh:`140450`.)

* Added backtick markup support in help text to highlight
  inline code when color output is enabled.

>   (Contributed by Savannah Ostrowski and Hugo van Kemenade in :gh:`142389`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added backtick markup support in :class:`~argparse.ArgumentParser` description
  and epilog text to highlight inline code when color output is enabled.
  (Contributed by Savannah Ostrowski in :gh:`142390`.)

* Extended backtick markup to argument ``help`` text and added support for
  double backticks (RST inline-literal style).
  (Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade in :gh:`149375`.)
```

The current bundled phrasing makes it ambiguous what's supported. I'd either explicitly list which args support this (description, epilog, and argument help) or split into two bullets to keep attribution per-PR.

Author: Split!
